tidb-retool-integration (#9800)
pingcap/docs: tidb-retool-integration.md

> # TiDB and Retool Integration

Reviewer: If this document is only applicable to TiDB Cloud, please place the file in the `tidb-cloud` directory.

> # TiDB and Retool Integration

Reviewer: Each document should have a metadata section. Please add one according to the following template.
```
---
title: xx
summary: xx
---
```

> 1. Get TiDB Details & Whitelist Retool IP Address

Reviewer: Could you first explain what Retool is? What users can do with it? The scenario?

>     You can get your database connection details from whoever set up the database. You'll also need to get them to [whitelist][1] the Retool IP address.

Reviewer 2: What does "TiDB Details" mean? Would you please provide the specific information that is needed?

>     You can get your database connection details from whoever set up the database. You'll also need to get them to [whitelist][1] the Retool IP address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can get your database connection details from whoever set up the database. You'll also need to get them to [whitelist][https://docs.retool.com/docs/connect-database-resource#connecting-your-database] the Retool IP address.
```

2. Add TiDB as a resource in Retool

    Create a new resource in Retool, and select "MySQL" as the type.

>     Enter your database connection details.

Reviewer: Please avoid manual line breaks.

>     * Name: &lt;Your resource name&gt;

Reviewer: Avoid using HTML escape characters.
